what's going on everybody Swami origami
here and what I have is an update to my
sony pulse elite headset video if you're
interested in seeing a run through the
features and my thoughts on it link to
that video will be in the description
below but what I did say in the video is
that the pulse elite will work with the
Xbox one that it will give you a great
stereo surround the base impact works
sounds really really really good
actually
better than some of the Dolby headsets
that are out there what I did say in
that video is that the microphone did
not work and as it turns out the
microphone works and I just wanted to
demonstrate that so what we have is our
pulse lead headset the chat cable that
came with the headset plugged into the
Xbox one controller through our little
headset adapter thing and that's it
I wanted to make sure that no one
thought I was fooling them so there is
my Kinect it is not plugged in this is
all it is the headsets off the
microphone will work when the headset is
either on or off you don't need the USB
dongle you just need to have it plugged
in and when it's on you get the the base
impact and the slider controls work and
everything on when it's off the sliders
do not work and you have to adjust the
volume through the game itself in the
options over here is my xbox zoom in
there okay Xbox is right there there's
no Kinect on it let's go over here a
minute
just to make sure no one thinks I'm
fooling my second controller is off
there's no USB devices in here Ethernet
digital audio HDMI power brick nothing
plugged in to any of the USB ports okay
so here we go we're just gonna walk back
over here and here it is so that's all
we've got going on now I went ahead and
I pre-loaded titanfall let me zoom in
we're gonna go in we're gonna turn this
back on okay we're gonna hit play
let it load up a second again we're just
gonna take this up we're gonna find the
microphone there's the mic and I'm just
gonna put this thing right up to my
mouth and we're just gonna start talking
once this thing feels like loading there
it is
there it is you see it right there Swami
8 8 7 1 I'm away from the microphone I'm
now talking into the microphone this one
that one that's all I'm doing the
microphone works sorry for all the
shakes man J'son handheld cameras and
stuff on the phone so anyway this is a
game changer for me because I've been
looking for one headset to work with
everything so right now this headset
works on the ps3 the ps4 the PC and the
Xbox one if I can figure out a way to
get it to work on the Xbox 360 I will be
like a fat kid in a candy store that'll
just be awesome so anyway just wanted to
show everybody it does work no foolin no
trolling no nothing no Kinect it works
ok as far as the microphone quality goes
I have no idea I've not been able to
test it yet with anybody in any party
because apparently everybody that I get
putting matches with don't use headsets
which is a little weird so hopefully
soon I'll be able to test the microphone
we'll see how it works on the Xbox one
but it works and that's all that matters
right now so anyway quick video hope you
liked it leave a like leave a comment
this will be in my opinion the best
headset available on Xbox one now and
it's not even a turtle beat or a
Microsoft product
it's amazing headset I recommend getting
it it works
leave a like follow me on Facebook and
Twitter at Swami origami subscribe to
the channel if you haven't I don't throw
a whole lot of videos out there just a
couple here and there and I will check
you guys next time